com/elmohandes/articlesapp/Models/Articles.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.Models.Articles
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/util/Constans.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.util.Constans
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/Models/WebSite.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.Models.WebSite
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/Models/News.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.Models.News
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/retrofitPackage/APIClient.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.retrofitPackage.APIClient
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/Models/Source.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.Models.Source
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.BuildConfig
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/databinding/ActivityDetailedNewsBinding.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.databinding.ActivityDetailedNewsBinding
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/Adapters/DetailedNewsAdapter.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.Adapters.DetailedNewsAdapter
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.Adapters.DetailedNewsAdapter$DetailedNewsVH
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/Activities/MainActivity.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.Activities.MainActivity
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.Activities.MainActivity$1
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.Activities.MainActivity$2
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/Models/DetailedNews.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.Models.DetailedNews
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.Models.DetailedNews$Article
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.Models.DetailedNews$Source
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/Activities/ListstackActivity.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.Activities.ListstackActivity
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.Activities.ListstackActivity$1
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/databinding/CardItemBinding.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.databinding.CardItemBinding
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/Adapters/SwipeStackAdapter.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.Adapters.SwipeStackAdapter
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.Adapters.SwipeStackAdapter$1
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/databinding/DetailedNewsItemBinding.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.databinding.DetailedNewsItemBinding
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/Adapters/SourceAdapter.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.Adapters.SourceAdapter
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.Adapters.SourceAdapter$SHolder
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/databinding/ActivityListstackBinding.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.databinding.ActivityListstackBinding
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/databinding/ItemSourceBinding.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.databinding.ItemSourceBinding
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/retrofitPackage/APIInterface.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.retrofitPackage.APIInterface
com/elmohandes/articlesapp/Activities/DetailedNewsActivity.java
 com.elmohandes.articlesapp.Activities.DetailedNewsActivity
